# IQVIA-MIDAS-
Impact of Introducing Infliximab Biosimilars on Total Infliximab Consumption and Originator Infliximab Prices in Eight Regions: An Interrupted Time-Series Analysis
Biologic medicines have revolutionised the treatment of autoimmune diseases and cancer. The high cost of biologics however remains a key barrier to accessing these treatments. Biosimilars represent a potential solution to this barrier since they are less costly, are highly similar to their reference product with comparable clinical efficacy and safety profile. The success of generic medicines in reducing costs and improving access is also expected to be realised for biosimilars.
In this study, by using infliximab as a case-study, we examined whether the introduction of biosimilars led to an increased overall utilisation of infliximab and a reduction in the price of originator infliximab in eight selected regions (Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Korea, India, Japan, the UK, and US). Infliximab sales data were obtained from the IQVIA-MIDAS global sales database from 2010-2020. We found that upon introducing infliximab biosimilars, Australia, Canada, Hong Kong and the UK had increased overall infliximab consumption and decreased the price of infliximab originators, while consumption and price changes were inconsistent in India, Japan, Korea, and the US.
Our findings reveal that the impact of biosimilars on treatment accessibility and affordability is likely multi-factorial. Decision-makers should be aware that suitable policy interventions and healthcare systems to facilitate the adoption of biosimilar drugs are crucial to achieve the desired benefits of biosimilar introduction. 
